ok so what press release right likes
good at langston microphones armor for
filming right sorry Thank You
distinguished members of the press for
coming here to Gotham City today as you
know I am duly from the law firm how do
we and screw them and today i'm here to
announce that we will be filing a joint
action lawsuit against the so-called
Batman for his destruction of the
monorail we believe that the victims of
the monorail is in deserve compensation
for any physical or mental injuries
involved we also believe we would be
following up in a case further words if
further if we can't get it up involved
in this one that will not allow the use
of rocket launchers in cars we don't
believe that it's safe and it's not
necessary and we'll be working on
getting rocket launchers removed from
civilians cars yes we are very sad about
the monorail we don't believe that the
Batman should be allowed going out and
around the monorail was completely safe
it was because of his rocket launchers
that the phil hartman memorial monorail
was destroyed and we are very sad about
that we do not believe that gotham city
is responsible they followed all
regulations and we hope that with any
money that extra money we make through
the lawsuit we could hopefully pay to
help rebuild the monorail it's a tragic
incident and we don't want the Batman
causing any more injuries um now I'll
open the floor up to questions on since
the microphones aren't working I'll just
be repeating who's asking the questions
and what the question is yes you matt
brady from Newsarama yes the joker we
have been following the situation of
this so-called joker we will not be
following a lawsuit against him we
believe that the police are and Harvey
Dent are doing an excellent job trying
to stop him however we don't believe
that the Batman should be involved he's
been on
record of calling himself the goddamn
batman which we don't believe a sane
person would do and he should not be
involved in chasing after the Joker yes
any other questions um yes you are rich
rich rich johnston from lying in the
gutters for her that listen tell her
press agent she's fired if she doesn't
start bringing in decent people to these
discussions okay yes so um extra
question is um oh yes about Gotham said
about Wayne yes we believe that i am not
handling this case screw em we'll be
doing it that groups Wayne the
millionaire who is involved with Wayne
Enterprises we believe that um his Rick
his recent acquisition of stocks was
illegal and Fox should not have been
placed in charge of the company as CEO
we've checked texts and nowhere does it
say that it actually doesn't say
anywhere it's completely illegal what he
did there's you're not allowed to get
that much stock in such a short period
of time we believe that there may have
been some insider trading or he just did
something illegal we're not quite sure
at this time but we'll be following up
and if you want more information on that
you should really ask my partner screw
yes and one more question you um Lois
Lane yes I finally someone I know okay
what is your question um I send the
press release that I would not be
discussing Harvey Dent and any
associations we have we are not
associated with him and we do not want
to discuss him if really if you're not
going to ask any questions about the
monorail and you're just going to bring
up then in the election I'm sorry this
press release is over good day